1. Who developed Python Programming Language?
Ans: Python Proggramming language was developed by 'Di Guido van Rossum'.
 
2. Which type of Programming does Python support? 
Ans: Python supports Object-Oriented Programming and Structured programming.

3. Is Python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers? 
Ans: Yes python is case sensitive ehen dealing with identifiers.
  example: str="MANOJ"  and  STR="manoj" are both different variable names.

4. What is the correct extension of the Python file? 
Ans: ".py" is the extension of python file.

5. Is Python code compiled or interpreted? 
Ans: Python code is Interpreted.

6. Name a few blocks of code used to define in Python language?
Ans:  1. module.
	   2. function body.
          3. class defination.

7. State a character used to give single-line comments in Python?
Ans: '#' is the characer used to give single line comments in python.
 
8. Mention functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on? 
Ans: sys.version is used to find out version of python that we are currently working on.

9. Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime, using a construct called 
Ans: lambda

10. What does pip stand for python?
Ans: pip stands for preferred installer program.
 
11. Mention a few built-in functions in python? 
Ans: 1.range()
	  2.len()
	  3.format()
	  4.type()
	  5.append()

12. What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in Python? 
Ans: An identifier can have a maximum length of 79 characters in Python.

13. What are the benefits of using Python? 
Ans: 1.Data Science
	  2.Web Development
	  3.Data Analytics
	  4.Data Mining

14. How is memory managed in Python?
Ans: Memory in Python is managed by Python private heap space.

15. How to install Python on Windows and set path variables?
Ans:  After downloading python from its official site we must install it in the local machine.To add the path variables we need to 
	 search for edit environment variables ,then there you will get user variables and system variables, in user variables section there 
        is a new button click on it and give it a name and for its value give the path where the python is installed in the local machine.

16. Is indentation required in python?
Ans : Yes indentation is required in python. 
